hello dear experienced readers we like
still a small impression in the app
just release carey and me
briefly show the whole works is
it is relatively simple you have just in
text probably already read and
down here you can open the menu
save and share once with open
that speaks for itself
Over opening we come our own
open image from the photo library or
also one with the camera snap over
we can save currently edited
save image and share it if you like
Click on it then you get here
the options for example by e-mail
or also on twitter or facebook
to share
we thank you already opened a picture
I think that's a coincidence
picture and about the different ones
Slider here we can then
really the blur effect
to adjust as you sometimes see
set back completely, we have here so a
colored picture with a few shoes and
can now here for example this
effect sit on it as washed out
that should be the farther the sliding gate
aim forward
once we click on it then it will
the whole reset we look
Just push this one
times around a bit then you can here
still at the saturation at the
Brightness screws and can be the content
to adjust so that you have to
just try a little something
one in the end like it then
maybe a little bit lighter
should or a little more
the blue effect should be there
or maybe one way
maybe still recognize about
I is here in the background
Here is the red or the red color
now not quite as nice to what fits
is also possible if we then to
Just try the iphone
he shakes then he becomes simple
a random or random setting
met
and you can not do that for example
Take over for example say save
there the display offers a short l the
means that a screenshot made
He has now in the photo
library and you can find it now
can choose
and the whole as ios background for
the spear or for the home screen
can set
The whole cost 89 cents is really
as I said, super simple and
Actually, you only know yourself
which picture you have edited that is
very nice and for 89 cents in any case
Worth a look